you could have asked me about my interaction with other branches of service.
For me, the answer is I experienced ah, little bit off communication
with some of the Marines, especially when we're on deployment.
Um, and every now and then I go up to some of the Air Force bases
and occasional army bases. Uh, that's when I had actually see them
and kind of realized, Hey, every place is not just the navy, but yeah,
depending on what your rate is like, you interact with other people
a lot more, especially if you're in the medical field. I think, you
know, like all the services if your hospital Corman, but, yeah, other
service, other branches of service to exist and we don't interact
with them slightly.